c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\bin\Debug\hotel.exe.config
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\bin\Debug\hotel.exe
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\bin\Debug\hotel.pdb
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.g.resources
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.exe
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.pdb
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\RoomInfo.baml
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\RoomInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\bin\Debug\hotel.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\bin\Debug\hotel.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\DatePick.baml
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\DateRes.baml
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\DatePick.g.cs
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\DateRes.g.cs
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\bin\Debug\Itenso.TimePeriod.dll
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\bin\Debug\de\Itenso.TimePeriod.resources.dll
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\DeleteReserve.baml
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\DeleteReserve.g.cs
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\AddClient.baml
C:\Users\Freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\AddClient.g.cs
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\bin\Debug\Database.mdf
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\bin\Debug\Database_log.ldf
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\bin\Debug\hotel.exe.config
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.exe
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.pdb
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\bin\Debug\Database.mdf
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\bin\Debug\Database_log.ldf
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\bin\Debug\hotel.exe
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\bin\Debug\hotel.pdb
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\bin\Debug\hotel.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\bin\Debug\hotel.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\bin\Debug\Itenso.TimePeriod.dll
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\bin\Debug\de\Itenso.TimePeriod.resources.dll
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\AddClient.baml
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\DatePick.baml
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\DateRes.baml
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\DeleteReserve.baml
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\RoomInfo.baml
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\AddClient.g.cs
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\DatePick.g.cs
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\DateRes.g.cs
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\DeleteReserve.g.cs
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\RoomInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.g.resources
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Sony\Documents\Git\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\hotel\hotel\obj\Debug\hotel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
